README.rst, before:

Introduction
------------

**EZ-Checksum** is a graphical application for calculating and/or verifying *fingerprints* for files to allow easy verification of the file's authenticity and integrity.

EZ-Checksum was developed on Linux, primarily for use on Linux, though it will probably work on other platforms.

Examples
--------
Typical uses include:

* Verifying downloaded files.
* Verifying files on removable media.
* Checking for duplicate files.

Interface
---------
The interface is designed to be as simple as possible, providing a means to generate a checksum for a single file, and to verify the checksum against a known value.

Common usability features such as drag and drop, tool tips and keyboard shortcuts are provided, along with a comprehensive user manual.

User Manual
-----------
The user manual is included in the `Help <../../help/index.html>`_ directory.

Docs
----
Technical / developer documentation is written in reStructuredText (rst) format, with HTML documentation generated by `Sphinx <http://www.sphinx-doc.org>`__.

Code documentation uses `Numpy style doctrings <https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html>`__.

`Example Numpy Style Python Docstrings <https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example.html>`__.

Commit message:

Update README to explicitly state that there is no release version yet.

README.rst, after:

Introduction
------------

**EZ-Checksum** is a graphical application for calculating and/or verifying *fingerprints* for files to allow easy verification of the file's authenticity and integrity.

**Please be aware that this app is not yet release ready.**

EZ-Checksum was developed on Linux, primarily for use on Linux, though it will probably work on other platforms.

Examples
--------
Typical uses include:

* Verifying downloaded files.
* Verifying files on removable media.
* Checking for duplicate files.

Interface
---------
The easy to use graphical interface provides a means to generate a checksum for a single file, and (optionally) to verify the checksum against a known value.

Common usability features such as drag and drop, tool tips and keyboard shortcuts are provided, along with a comprehensive user manual.

User Manual
-----------
The user manual is included in the `Help <../../help/index.html>`_ directory.

Docs
----
Technical / developer documentation is written in reStructuredText (rst) format, with HTML documentation generated by `Sphinx <http://www.sphinx-doc.org>`__.

Code documentation uses `Numpy style doctrings <https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html>`__.

`Example Numpy Style Python Docstrings <https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example.html>`__.
